projects/ng-phoenix/README.md, before:

# NgPhoenix

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.14.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project ng-phoenix` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project ng-phoenix`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project ng-phoenix` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build ng-phoenix` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build ng-phoenix`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/ng-phoenix` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ng-phoenix` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updating LICENSE, README.md, fixed the tests and package.json. Prepping for publish.

projects/ng-phoenix/README.md, after:

# NgPhoenix

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.14.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project ng-phoenix` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project ng-phoenix`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project ng-phoenix` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build ng-phoenix` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build ng-phoenix`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/ng-phoenix` and run `npm publish`. Do NOT do this lightly, as once a package has been published that name and version can never be used again, even if you unpublish it.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ng-phoenix` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
